{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs24 \cf0 We are requiring the use of an orch90 or ss/c for music and sound. If neither is present, the 6-bit dac is used for sound only. Music could come from a 1-bit sound system, but should only be integrated if we have time.  \
\
48K video \
10K code   \
8K music 1.5 - 2 min per song (6-8K)    \
\
L,R \
1,3 Music (stereo) \
2,4 Sound (stereo)  \
\
6-bit dac supported, if enough time. \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\b\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 The 
\f1\b Orchestra-90
\f0\b0  (Orch-90) sound cart has been chosen as it can produce stereo sound. It also lends itself to easier conversion of the sound to play through the 6-bit internal dac as well.\
\
The 
\f1\b Speech Sound Cart
\f0\b0  (SSC) can be considered as well, and I know Simon is chomping at the bit to use it. However it does not function when the Coco 3 is running at 2MHz mode without a hardware modification. I\'92m not into modifying my pack at this time. So unless the game can run at a buttery smooth 60fps in hi resolution at 1MHz, I don\'92t see this cart being used. I do however want to use it in a future game. \
\
Sound tracks can also be posted to iTunes for some extra revenue.\
\
Take a look at Bejewed, as he uses higher quality for music sampling. \
\
For the title screen, try using high quality music for the title page, then lower for the actual game. \
\
Cords as a single voice. Cut them short.\
\
}